you
I think we kind of all were excited
about the idea of doing it here you know
like it's our home town may so when I
ask people international friends what
they think the Seattle you know right
off the top of their head they're like
oh man rain it's a really cool City it's
got a lot of really cool apps here it's
got a lot of low cloud decks a lot of
fog a lot of rain the cool part about
working on the scene system is that we
can throw a type of detail that we just
couldn't before it and say hey look we
want to want to banker puddles here
we're just gonna play paints and
lewbert's in here we can come in here
and we can lower the puddle values with
familiar tools and I can start painting
in these patches where I want you know
destruction fall off and then kind of
for the final awesome bits here a lot of
wetness and puddles just to kind of give
it a arraigned on feel like we've kind
of been here a while if it's super wet
time of day you'll see streaks of wet
coming down the size of the building and
we can Kentucky control that too
see the Sun like hitting a wet street
and kind of flares out for a second just
like if you're walking on street ahead
just rain and Sun is coming down to the
center of the street right and it flares
out in your eyes you want that so i can
I can make it feel like there's really
heavy fog sitting on the the bay and the
water down here which for me it's great
because I can maybe I want really
low-hanging fought and to be more clear
as it goes up it allows me to create
some really super interesting times a
day one of the features I'm most excited
about is actually that share button
because we're you know of course gonna
use it for cool replays of all the fun
physics stuff that happens you know you
throw a smoke grenade out of tower it
collapses it squishes like four guys
then they get mad sent out a helicopter
helicopter shooting at you is exploding
all these cars but for me I'm gonna be
that boring guy who just has a bunch of
gorgeous beauty shots because the city
looks so sharp that I could just see
people stopping on top of a building and
just kind of doing a little 10 second
pan just looking around and taking it
all in being able to actually light an
entire game for ps4 and make it you know
look like the city that I live in and
it's awesome
you